Teaching men not to rape is dumb.
Not the actual concept of it, of course we should teach men about consent and what constitutes it. However acting like simply teaching men not to rape will stop rapes is dumb. We all know not to murder, and we all know not to steal yet it still happens alot.

People are shitty, and in this imperfect world it is important for women to know how to assert themselves and defend themselves. It is not victim blaming, it is never anyone's fault to have this kind of BS happen to them; but we should teach people to be proactive about their own personal protection and give them the tools they need to do it.




People that make fake rape accusations should get same or more time as a rapists
Okay so everyone is gonna jump me for the title but hear me out.

If someone is proven to have made a fake accusation (keyword proven) and then not get away with it there will be less people making fake accusations and therefore help real victims get help. And real rapists be jailed.



People aren't homophobic. You're just weird.
I'm a gay guy. I've got a beard, a build, and I dress like most humans do. I don't lisp when I talk, and I don't spend my time gossiping about other people in a weird Jersey Girl accent (which would sound annoying enough on a woman). I don't dress in drag and attempt to stick my anus in the faces of bewildered pedestrians at exhibitionistic pride parades. People know I'm gay, and you know how much homophobia I've experienced in my life? ZERO. Not even from ultra conservative people.

I talk about my sex life like heterosexual people do, and my friends support it. No one bats an eye. I don't try to fuck my straight friends, first of all because they are my friends, and secondly because they are straight. No one feels weirded out in my presence.

Much of what we call homophobia today isn't an inordinate fear of gay people. It's not even really a fear. More of a mild to aggressive weirded outness at guys who use their homosexuality as a staging ground for obtusely bizarre, exaggerated feminine behavior (girls mostly do not act like this version of feminine either lol).

It's ok to be weird. It's ok to be offensive. It's ok to act like a girl if you are a guy. Just don't be surprised if the majority of the population finds you odd. Because you are odd. And your oddities have dick all to do with the fact that you like dick, and no one is responding inappropriately because you like dick.


I think the LGBTQ+ movement is a travesty. Not because of some kind of deep seated homophobia, but because I think a generation and a half of people are being raised by their parents or peers to think that their sexuality is a cornerstone of their identity an a focus of their existence.

To clarify i do appreciate and understand what the movement does for people in difficult situations and cannot understate the support it provides, but when I see individuals re-framing their entire identity around it, I feel something is lost. It should be about assuring people that no matter whether they are gay, bi, trans or not, they are still people, not a cornerstone that an individual bases their identity on. I do understand, that while not gay myself, that establishing that rigid and foreful of an identity in the face of societal opostion and pressure can be helpful, I still think, seeing sexual orientation as some profound or special category as worthy of recognition is detrimental to individual well being. To put it bluntly: You have a dick and like dicks? K. You have a Vagina and like Vaginas? K. Thats the extent I think people should focus on their sexuality.

Fighting against systemic or social injustice and discrimination against said answers is one thing, but forging an identity around something that is only a contemporary unique position at the expense of other aspects of a an individual is another.


There is nothing wrong with being a white, straight, middle class male.

In today's society it seems like for every problem someone has it's always a white persons fault. Not even necessarily white men, just white people in general. Even though racism exist(yes, every ethnicity does it), I shouldn't have to apologize for the rest of my race or even what "my ancestors" did. You only can control your actions and no one else's. Even though this is basic logic I'm still expected to act like I should have to be punished and shamed for the actions of others.

I’m not just talking about false claims of rape or sex assault either. I’m talking about shit like falsely accusing men of taking a creep shot and getting a bunch of men to attack him. Don’t come at me with “these are all incidents that are rare”. If they happen they need to be punished. Women have an unfair advantage over men in that they can lie and be believed automatically simply because they are women.

I want to preface this by saying I have no problems with anyone who is a member of the LBGT community and support your rights to live as you desire.

That being said, I think an entire month devoted to celebrating the sexual preferences of less than 2% of the population is ridiculous. It's turned into just a corporate event where all of the big businesses release some sort of pro LBGT statement and turn their logo rainbow colored.

We're at a point where LBGT rights are almost universally accepted (at least in western civilization) and they are in no way an oppressed minority. In fact, they're a celebrated minority all throughout our culture. It's no longer brave or difficult to come out as LBGT, it's just a thing people do if it applies to them.

I think a single pride day would be plenty.

Girls' and womens' feelings AND bodies are valued INFINITELY more in the West than those of boys and men, and paradoxically, this is the reason people believe they are oppressed.

If you value one thing over another enough, that other thing becomes virtually invisible.

If you think that one thing is worth much more than the other, you perceive the same damage to it, the same violation, as far WORSE.

If you had a statue made of gold, and one made of wood, which would you prefer to be destroyed?

Our world revolves so much around girls and women and their needs, that even that very fact has become invisible.

It is a consensus, that, because of being incorporated and cloaked in the greater structure of what we perceive as "normal", doesn't manifest as an entity in our perception, just like we don't have a word specifically for people who have two ears.


If a women makes a false allegation against a man she belongs on a sex offender list for life

I could list countless of statistics and examples of discrimination against men that heavily outweigh the weight put on women, even though only 10 states are more male populated then female; 78% of national homelessness only occurs in men for example. Which is tragic, and that’s just one example. There’s also many levels of social stigma surrounding men, not to mention toxic masculinity being shoved down their throats.

Think about it, not all slaves were stolen. Many were sold. BY THEIR OWN PEOPLE.(by which I mean their own continent's people) so before you cry racism, you should remember that both ethnicities (White and Black) were just as much a part of slavery as the other.

Words like "Gay", "retarded", and "fag" are NOT hurtful.
In general, words are not hurtful unless you let them hurt you. If you truly take others words for YOU as your identity, then you deserve to feel bad about yourself, because you can't overcome the fact that other people will just say things in an attempt to rile you. Don't let these words (or any words) offend you, or you're just creating problems for yourself and others.

LBGTQZ+? people make up a whopping 4.5% of the US population. This is through self-identifying surveys. Yet if you turn on almost any TV show or movie you are met with at least one gay or trans or whatever, sometimes there are whole shows about them/catered to a 4.5% minority of the population.

This is what people are referring to when they say Hollywood and the media is "cramming this down our throats". It's not that I'm against gays or transes or any of the other letters. I couldn't care less what people do in private or whom they choose to "love", but this over-representation in media is just out of control!

Forced diversity and representation in movies is bad
*disclaimer* i'm not trying to be racist in any way.

It annoys me when people feel content that their race is now being shown in some movies and it just bugs me that people cry out in anger if the cast is "too white" or there isn't enough diversity in a certain script. If your self esteem is so low that you feel the need for someone of your race to be in the films then that's an underlying problem for you. It bugs me when companies like Netflix deviate from the source material (Witcher) or have some type of quota they need to fill in order to appease a certain group. If a script calls for a cast to look a certain way then let it be that way. Forcing diversity seems worse than it not being there at all; forced diversity seems out of place and awkward where it is unnecessary.

Gay pride gets shoved down everyone's throats just as much as religion does


Representation is just so weird to me, and to clarify I'm not white. I really can not fathom why people place such importance in movies such as "Crazy Rich Asians" or Black Panther because they feature a (not so) diverse cast.

LQBTQs need to be quiet now and assimilate like the rest of us. I'm tired of being daily force fed by the media about other people's sexual kinks and bedroom preferences. We don't need to hear it anymore.

Having kids is not a "right" and not everyone should be allowed to have them.

Unfortunately I know it would be almost impossible to control. But not everyone is fit to be a parent and people act as if it is a "human right" to just bring a child into this world.



EDIT: Ok, so some of you are calling me a nazi and an eugenics enthusiast, wich is not true. Perhaps is my fault cause my post was too vague and I didn't specify some things. But no, I'm not talking about race or stuff like that, what is wrong with you? I have this opinion because I live in a 3rd world country and I've seen some shit and some irresponsible people have children just to make them work on the streets from a very young age without even providing them with the basics.

I've seen people who live in cardboard houses not accepting any form of birth control cause "that's not what god would want" and having 6 to 10 children (I'm not even kidding) living in poor conditions and 0 opportunities, and getting to their teenage years only to start that cycle again and again. And no one does anything because is their "right" to have children.
